Concept Development

The development of the Tabashi project was based on different research outcomes that will catalyze a revolutionary disruption, decentralization, and democratization of the financial ecosystem.

Tabashi is a green and intuitive financial ecosystem designed with environmental and humanitarian support in mind.

Observations throughout the world revealed that climate change is occurring, and rigorous scientific research confirmed that greenhouse gas emitted by human activities is the primary driver of the speedy climate change. More so, researchers have concluded that the net costs of climate change are likely to be significant and will increase over time.

Tabashi has chosen the path of environmentally friendly cryptocurrencies that do not require fossil fuel for mining, which is of serious concern to major investors.  Tabashi token is non minted cryptocurrency.

Tabashi ecosystem will remain green as Tabashi bit to contribute to the fight to limit climate change. The exploring ways to support humanitarian crises around the globe will make Tabashi a more meaningful token.

In addition, Tabashi is a community experimentation project. Research shows that community engagement in an ecosystem does amplify the strength of the relations users made with the ecosystem.

Andreas et al, (2020) said, “better together after embarking on a community-driven project”.

To this end, Tabashi was created and handed over to the community so that every members of the community can have a say by voting on matters that will drive the ecosystem forward.


About Tabashi
What is the Tabashi?
Tabashi is a community-driven, automated hyper-deflationary, effortless, and frictionless high-yield aggregation protocol.

Its launch is exclusive to the Binance Smart Chain. The protocol reward Tabashi holders with high-yield generation while increasing both liquidity and value. For each trade, Tabashi functions occur instantaneously. These are Reflection, LP acquisition and Charity contribution.

Tabashi as a DeFi
Defi (Decentralized Finance) is a system through which financial products are made available on a public decentralized blockchain network. Tabashi token is the next logical step in the cryptocurrency space and it is set to disrupt the existing financial system.

Finance Accessibility Through Tabashi Using DeFi
Opportunities in investment, lending, and borrowing keep springing up. The commercial activities and access opened up by Tabashi token have produced opportunities for individuals to expand their financial bottom line and capacity and bring about an economic paradigm shift.

Severally used cases such as savings and interest-bearing accounts, lending and borrowing, insurance, gaming, staking and derivatives, synthetic assets, and trading have become an avenue and potential for individuals interested in making long term investments to stow their money away while keeping it active in the most dynamic industries. Tabashi in the coming months will present future projects to supper charge its ecosystem.

Tabashi Token Still Have a Long Way to go
Tabashi token and technology will make a measurable impact, but this is still at its developmental stage. There is a huge part of Tabashi tokenization to unravel. Even blockchain technology has not reached maximum potential. This means a bright future for all crypto enthusiasts and stakeholders in the Tabashi space.

The prospects for Tabashi token are at an all-time high as a Defi project. As of September 2017, the total value of locked-up Defi contracts was US$2.1 million. Between that time and August 2020, the value skyrocketed to about US$6.9 billion. In August alone, Defi contracts experienced a US$2.9 billion increase in value.

Some of the hype around some Defi projects are caused by some traders and enthusiasts who have acted on short-term speculations and resulted in a ripple effect. However, some of the best projects, especially Tabashi and its robust ecosystem, will stay around for longer and metamorphose into industry changes.

Tabashi For Every Crypto Enthusiast
Tabashi as an autonomous yield and liquidity generation protocol is geared at directly rewarding its holders and, at the same time, increasing liquidity.

This is funded by a 10% tax taken from every transaction on the smart contract.

Tabashi hopes to explore this avenue for its stakeholders by availing the opportunity for holders to purchase and hold their tokens while adopting strategies that will invariably increase the value of the token.

Project Mechanism
There will be a fair sale on selected platforms where everyone will have the opportunity to buy Tabashi token at a uniform price.
Out of the tax imposed on every transaction, 30% from 10% tax will go into Project Operation wallet. Another 30% of 10% tax from every transaction will go into the liquidity pool. It does not end there, as 20% of the 10% tax taken from every transaction will be redistributed to all Tabashi’s users' Wallet. Imagine waking up the next day and seeing an exponential increase in the value of the Tabashi Token in your wallet! That is the amazing power of Tabashi.
And the last 20% of the 10% tax on every transaction to be automatically sent to the crusher machine. The crushed tokens will forever be destroyed and can never be retrieved. This method implies that the total quantity of Tabashi will continue to reduce over time. Tabashi has employed an algorithm to control deflation and exponentially increase scarcity and the value of the token. The more you use the Tabashi platform, the more value you create for it. Tabashi will from time to time announce token crushing events to further reduce the Total Supply, this will result in a stronger, better and scarcer token.
Consequently, the protocol has a permanently increasing-price ﬂoor, with all investors earning additional Tabashi token just for holding.

Benefits of the Tabashi Project
1. Completely Autonomous and Decentralised
Tabashi is a system design to automatically carry out the functions it said it will do without any human interference. It is an automated trustless decentralized ecosystem that allows the community and team to focus on marketing and the next development plan.

2. Automated Frictionless High-Yield Generation
This system encourages the Tabashi community of holders by incentivizing their actions. Tabashi holders, in turn, support the Tabashi project to make it a sustainable movement. Just by holding the tokens, they earn passive rewards. The static dividends are automatically and instantly delivered to token holders’ wallets in real-time whenever transactions are executed and auto-compound with each subsequent trade or transfer.

3. Un-Ruggable Liquidity
Tabashi liquidity pool is a collection of locked funds in a smart contract. Tabashi will maintain a robust liquidity pool to facilitate seamless trading.
100% Liquidity fund will be locked to selected exchange for an initial 1 years  and then the community will decide on any amount that will be released for future development and marketing.
As previously mentioned, the Tabashi project adds 30% of the 10% tax to its liquidity (Tabashi pool) on every transaction. These Coins are locked in a contract, where they can’t be transferred, creating an ever-increasing amount of liquidity.

6. Public Sale Event
Tabashi will conduct a Public Sale event following the end of Private sale. This will enable Tabashi to expand the number of its token holders, thus a bigger community members. Tabashi shall set the price of Taba token at 1BNB = 2,500,000,000 TABA during the private sale. The Public Sale will take place on a selected lauchpad. Updates on the launchpad will be revealed before the end of the private sale.  

7. Low Transaction Charges
Tabashi was designed for the Binance Smart Chain and PancakeSwap to offer users a meager gas fee experience.

8. Decentralized
Tabashi is decentralized, exclusive, and secured on the Binance Smart Chain platform. The platform ensures a completely safe place to hold Tabashi token or perform transactions without data breaches.

9. Fast Processing Speed
Since Tabashi is operating on the Binance Smart Chain Protocol, it means one can carry out transactions at the snap of a finger or in the blink of an eye. Zero worries over an over-saddled network.

10. Pleasant User Experience
The Tabashi project has you at the center of every process. Tabashi aims to provide a generally enjoyable and breathtaking experience on the Tabashi platform by ensuring a highly intuitive user interface.

12. Giving Back
Tabashi is not just a token project. Tabashi is also a community that never stops giving. Tabashi cares about every stakeholder on its platform. Through you, Tabashi can accomplish so much. After the Public Sale, 2% of the sale will be allocated to help fight against Cliamate change.


Part of Tabashi Cardinal Focus is Charity
Tabashi Cardinal Focus
Tabashi vision is beyond making a profit. Tabashi aims to make an impact on the Tabashi community in a global sense. Tabashi would support charitable causes such as disaster aversion, improved education for all, better health, resettling refugees, etc.
The Tabashi community will have the right to vote on how the funds been raised will be utilized and what charitable causes Tabashi should support. What percentage of the fund in the charitable wallet should be donated out to any particular charity.

Tabashi Supercharged on Binance Chain Protocol
For a Defi project to be deemed successful, one crucial consideration is what blockchain protocol to adopt.
An excellent choice for blockchain protocol should offer a fast, affordable, user-friendly, and reliable platform for decentralized applications. Binance Smart Chain has one of the speediest blockchain transaction times and low Tabashi transaction fee structures, which makes building Defi apps on the protocol so appealing for developers.
For us at Tabashi, it also means Tabashi users can transact with speed and the low Tabashi possible charges on the blockchain, in line with Tabashi vision. Building Tabashi Protocol on the Binance smart chain means the transaction fees are extremely low compared to that of Ethereum and bitcoin.
The processing time of Tabashi is within 5 seconds/block time resulting in very low fees. While BTC and ETH are still utilizing the Proof-of-Work (PoW) consensus protocol that involves miners to deploy high computing power, Tabashi adopted the Proof of Staked Authority (PoSA) which results in high transaction speed and much lower cost per transaction.
It’s a win-win situation for the Tabashi community, as users transact within the fastest and most affordable protocol.

Disclaimer
The information published on this website does not constitute investment advice, or financial advice, or trading advice, or any other sort of advice. The main purpose of this material is for informational purposes only. It does not constitute an offer, and it is not a solicitation of an offer, to invest in, or to buy or sell, any interests or shares, or to participate in any investment or trading strategy. The content in this document is NOT intended to provide accounting, legal, or tax advice, or investment recommendations and should not be considered an official statement of Tabashi token. No representation or warranty is made, expressed or implied, concerning the accuracy or completeness of the information or to the future performance of any digital asset, financial instrument, or other market or economic measure.
Tabashi team does not recommend that any cryptocurrency should be bought, sold, or held by you.  You are fully responsible for your actions and make sure you do conduct your due diligence and consult your financial advisor before making any investment decisions. By purchasing Tabashi, you agree that you are not purchasing a security or investment, and you agree to hold the team harmless and not liable for any losses or taxes you may incur. You also agree that the team is presenting the token "as is" and is not required to provide any support or services. You should not expect any form from Tabashi and its team.
Please note that there are always risks associated with smart contracts. Please use them at your own risk. Tabashi token is not a registered broker, analyst, or investment advisor. Everything that is provided in this publication is purely for guidance, informational and educational purposes. All information contained herein should be independently verified and confirmed. Tabashi will not accept any liability for any form of loss or damage that you may experience as a result of any material provided or published on this website.  Please be aware of the risks involved with any trading done in any financial market. Do not trade with money that you cannot afford to lose. When in doubt, you should consult a qualified financial advisor before making any investment decisions.
Although Tabashi token is community-driven and a decentralized finance platform created for social networking and not a registered digital currency, the team strongly recommends that citizens in areas with government bans on cryptocurrencies do not purchase it because the team cannot guarantee compliance with established regulations within certain territories. Always make sure that you comply with your local laws and regulations before you make any purchase.
